Fix/fix typos login setup (#18511)
yugabyte/yugabyte-db: docs/content/v2.12/architecture/docdb-replication/async-replication.md

This topology involves many source clusters sending data to one central sink cluster. This is currently not officially supported [#11535](https://github.com/yugabyte/yugabyte-db/issues/11535).

### More complex topologies

> Outside of our traditional 1:1 topology and the above 1:N and N:1, there are many other sensible configurations one might want to set upthis replication feature with. However, none of these are currently officially supported. Some examples

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Outside of our traditional 1:1 topology and the above 1:N and N:1, there are many other sensible configurations one might want to use this replication feature with. However, none of these are currently officially supported. Some examples
```
